Flow Diagram (#55)
vcstuff/draft-terbu-sd-jwt-vc: draft-terbu-sd-jwt-vc.md

Credential based on SD-JWT (C-SD-JWT):
: Refers to the original unsecured JSON payload of the VC-SD-JWT.

Status Provider:

> : An entity that hosts a URL that points to a Verifiable Credential of type
> `StatusList2021Credential` as defined in [@W3C.vc-status-list, section 2.2].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: An entity that provides status information (e.g. revocation) about a Verifiable Credential.
```

1. An SD-JWT to protect the integrity of the claims, to enable selective disclosure and to ensure authorship of the VC-SD-JWT. The SD-JWT header parameters and the payload is further defined by this specification.
1. The full set of SD-JWT Disclosures that contain the claims in plain text.

# Flow Diagram
~~~ ascii-art
           +------------+
           |            |
           |   Issuer   |
           |            |
           +------------+
                 |
             Issues SD-JWT
     and Issuer-Issued Disclosures
                 |
                 v
           +------------+                                 +------------+ 
           |            |                                 |   Status   |
           |   Holder   |-------- optionally ------------>|  Provider  |
           |            |       retrieves status          |            |
           +------------+             VC                  +------------+ 

>                  |

Reviewer 2: We did not introduce the status provider yet. If we want to have it here (can make sense), let's introduce it somewhere first.

Author: Added it to the terminology section.

           Presents SD-JWT
   and Holder-Selected Disclosures

>                  |

Reviewer: Thanks for the PR. can you change the terms used for the labels of the lines? Let's avoid SD-JWT and use Verifiable Credentials and Verifiable Presentations instead.

Author: Done in [cad5733](https://github.com/vcstuff/draft-terbu-sd-jwt-vc/pull/55/commits/cad5733884ac2c61748350a314965f95e8a5d749)
